---
keywords: fastai
title: Mac Keyboard Shortcuts
badges: false
hide_binder_badge: true
hide_colab_badge: true
hide_deepnote_badge: true
toc: true
layout: post
description: List of keyboard shortcuts for Mac
categories: [Mac, Shortcuts]
comments: false
author: Ziv Simchoni
image: images/MacKeyboard.jpg
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-02-21-Mac-Keyboard-Shortcuts.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-02-21-Mac-Keyboard-Shortcuts.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="Essential-shortcuts">Essential shortcuts<a class="anchor-link" href="#Essential-shortcuts"> </a></h2><p>{% include note.html content='These are the essential shortcuts for everyday usage.' %}<br></p>
<table>
<thead><tr>
<th>Keyboard shortcut</th>
<th>Action</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Command + A</td>
<td>Select all content in a window, document or text field.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + C</td>
<td>Copy (selected items to clipboard)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + X</td>
<td>Cut (selected items to clipboard)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + V</td>
<td>Paste (content from the clipboard)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + S</td>
<td>Save the document state (If used inside a browser, saves the page as HTML).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Z</td>
<td>Undo last command.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Z</td>
<td>Redo last undone command.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + F</td>
<td>Find items in an open document or open a new Find window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + G</td>
<td>Find the next occurrence of a found item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + G</td>
<td>Find previous occurrence of a found item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + H</td>
<td>Hide the windows of the front app.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + H</td>
<td>Hide all apps except for the front window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + M</td>
<td>Minimize the front window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + M</td>
<td>Minimize all windows of the front app.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + O</td>
<td>Open a selected item. If none are selected, bring up a prompt to choose a file to open.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + P</td>
<td>Print the opened document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + S</td>
<td>Save the opened document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + T</td>
<td>Open a new tab of the front app.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + W</td>
<td>Close the front window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + W</td>
<td>Close all windows of the front app.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + Esc</td>
<td>Force quit an app. This is particularly useful when an app isn’t responsive.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Space bar</td>
<td>Bring up or close Spotlight Search.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + Space bar</td>
<td>Perform a Spotlight search in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Command + Space bar</td>
<td>Bring up the Character Viewer to insert emoji and other special characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Command + F</td>
<td>Switch to a full screen window, if the app supports it.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Space bar</td>
<td>Use Quick Look on a selected item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Tab</td>
<td>Switch to the next most recently used (open) app.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + 5</td>
<td>Open the Screenshot app to take a screenshot or a screen recording.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + N</td>
<td>Create a new folder in Finder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Comma</td>
<td>Open the preferences of the front app.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="Power-Shortcuts">Power Shortcuts<a class="anchor-link" href="#Power-Shortcuts"> </a></h2><p>{% include note.html content='that some of the shortcuts below don’t apply to Macs with Touch ID Power buttons.' %}<br></p>
<table>
<thead><tr>
<th>Keyboard shortcut</th>
<th>Action</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + Power button</td>
<td>Put your Mac to sleep.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Shift + Power button</td>
<td>Put your display(s) to sleep.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Power button</td>
<td>Bring up the Restart/Sleep/Shut Down prompt.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Command + Power button</td>
<td>Force restart your Mac.<br />(Note that unsaved documents and changes will likely be lost. Use this only if your Mac is irresponsive.)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Option + Command + Power button</td>
<td>Quit all open apps, choose whether you want to keep unsaved changes, then Shut Down your Mac.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Command + Q</td>
<td>Lock your Mac screen.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Q</td>
<td>Log out of your macOS user account after confirming.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Command</td>
<td>Log out of your macOS user account without confirming.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="Finder-and-system-shortcuts">Finder and system shortcuts<a class="anchor-link" href="#Finder-and-system-shortcuts"> </a></h2><table>
<thead><tr>
<th>Keyboard shortcut</th>
<th>Action</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Command + D</td>
<td>Duplicate selected file(s).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + E</td>
<td>Eject selected disk or volume.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + F</td>
<td>Invoke Spotlight Search in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + I</td>
<td>Bring up the Get Info of a selected file.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + R</td>
<td>Show the original file of a selected alias in Finder.<br /> Reload the page in select apps, such as Safari.<br /> Check for software updates in Software Update preferences.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + C</td>
<td>Open the Computer folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + D</td>
<td>Open the Desktop folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + F</td>
<td>Open the Recents folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + G</td>
<td>Open the Go to Folder dialogue.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + H</td>
<td>Open the Home folder of the current macOS user.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + I</td>
<td>Open the iCloud Drive folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + K</td>
<td>Open the Network folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + L</td>
<td>Open the Downloads folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + N</td>
<td>Create a new folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + O</td>
<td>Open the Documents folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + P</td>
<td>Show/hide the Preview pane in Finder windows.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + R</td>
<td>Open the AirDrop window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + T</td>
<td>Show/hide the tab bar in Finder windows.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Shift + Command + T</td>
<td>Add selected item in Finder to the Dock</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + U</td>
<td>Open the Utilities folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + D</td>
<td>Show/hide the Dock.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Command + T</td>
<td>Add selected item to the sidebar.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + P</td>
<td>Hide/show the path bar in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + S</td>
<td>Hide/show the sidebar in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Slash</td>
<td>Hide/show the status bar in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + J</td>
<td>Show the View Options.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + K</td>
<td>Open the Connect to Server window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Command + A</td>
<td>Set an alias to a selected item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + N</td>
<td>Open a new Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + N</td>
<td>Create a new Smart Folder in Finder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + T</td>
<td>Show/hide the tab bar when only one Finder tab is open in the current window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + T</td>
<td>Show/hide the toolbar when only one Finder tab is open in the current window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + V</td>
<td>Move Clipboard files from their initial source to the current location.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Y</td>
<td>Use Quick Look on a selected item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + Y</td>
<td>Use a Quick Look slideshow on multiple selected item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + 1</td>
<td>Switch to Icon View in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + 2</td>
<td>Switch to List View in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + 3</td>
<td>Switch to Column View in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + 4</td>
<td>Switch to Gallery View in a Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Left Bracket</td>
<td>Go to previous folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Right Bracket</td>
<td>Go to next folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Up Arrow</td>
<td>Open the folder containing the current one.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Control + Up Arrow</td>
<td>Open the folder containing the current one in a new Finder window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Down Arrow</td>
<td>Open the selected item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Right Arrow</td>
<td>When in List View, open the selected folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Left Arrow</td>
<td>When in List View, close the selected folder.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Delete</td>
<td>Trash selected item(s).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Delete</td>
<td>Empty the Trash, if it has any items, after you confirm.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Command + Delete</td>
<td>Empty the Trash, if it has any items, without your confirmation.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Brightness Down</td>
<td>Toggle video mirroring if your Mac is connected to more than one device.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Brightness Up/Down</td>
<td>Open Displays preferences.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Brightness Up</td>
<td>Turn up the brightness on a supported external display.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Brightness Down</td>
<td>Turn down the brightness on a supported external display.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Brightness Up</td>
<td>Turn up the brightness in smaller steps.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Brightness Down</td>
<td>Turn down the brightness in smaller steps.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Option + Shift + Brightness Up</td>
<td>Turn up the brightness in smaller steps on a supported external display.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Option + Shift + Brightness Down</td>
<td>Turn down the brightness in smaller steps on a supported external display.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Mission Control</td>
<td>Open Mission Control preferences.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Mission Control</td>
<td>Show the desktop.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Down Arrow</td>
<td>Show all open windows of the front app.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Volume Up/Down</td>
<td>Open Sound preferences.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Volume Up</td>
<td>Turn up the volume in smaller steps.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Volume Down</td>
<td>Turn down the volume in smaller steps.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Keyboard Brightness Up/Down</td>
<td>Open Keyboard preferences.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Keyboard Brightness Up</td>
<td>Turn up the keyboard brightness in smaller steps.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift + Keyboard Brightness Down</td>
<td>Turn down the keyboard brightness in smaller steps.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Double Click</td>
<td>Open item in a new window and close original one.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Double Click</td>
<td>Open a folder in a separate tab/window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Drag to another volume</td>
<td>Move dragged item to new volume rather than copying it.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Drag</td>
<td>Copy dragged item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + Drag</td>
<td>Set an alias for the dragged item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Click window title</td>
<td>When in List View, open all folders within a selected folder.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="Document-shortcuts">Document shortcuts<a class="anchor-link" href="#Document-shortcuts"> </a></h2><table>
<thead><tr>
<th>Keyboard shortcut</th>
<th>Action</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Command + B</td>
<td>Toggle boldfacing, or boldface selected text.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + I</td>
<td>Toggle italics, or italicize selected text.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + K</td>
<td>Add a URL.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + U</td>
<td>Toggle underlining, or underline selected text.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + T</td>
<td>Show/hide the Fonts window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + D</td>
<td>Select the Desktop folder when presented with an Open/Save dialogue.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + Command + D</td>
<td>Show/hide the definition of a selected word.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Colon</td>
<td>Show the Spelling and Grammar window</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Semicolon</td>
<td>Find misspelled words in an open document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Delete</td>
<td>Delete the word to the left of the cursor.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + H</td>
<td>Delete the character to the left of the cursor. Alternatively, you could just click Delete.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + D</td>
<td>Delete the character to the right of the cursor.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + K</td>
<td>Delete all text between cursor and the end of a line/paragraph.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Fn + Up Arrow</td>
<td>Scroll one page up (Page Up).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Fn + Down Arrow</td>
<td>Scroll one page down (Page Down)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Fn + Left Arrow</td>
<td>Scroll to the beginning of a document (Home)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Fn + Right Arrow</td>
<td>Scroll to the end of a document (End).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Up Arrow</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the beginning of a document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Down Arrow</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the end of a document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Left Arrow</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the beginning of the current line.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Right Arrow</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the end of the current line</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Left Arrow</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the beginning of the previous word.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Right Arrow</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the beginning of the next word.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Up Arrow</td>
<td>Select the text between the cursor and the beginning of a document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Down Arrow</td>
<td>Select the text between the cursor and the end of a document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Left Arrow</td>
<td>Select the text between the cursor and the beginning of the current line.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Right Arrow</td>
<td>Select the text between the cursor and the end of the current line</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift +Up Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection to the nearest character on the same horizontal level on the line above.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Down Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection to the nearest character on the same horizontal level on the line below</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Left Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection one character to the left.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Right Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection one character to the right</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift +Up Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection to the beginning of current paragraph. Pressing it again will extend it to the beginning of the following paragraph.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift +Down Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection to the end of current paragraph. Pressing it again will extend it to the end of the following paragraph</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift +Left Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection to the beginning of current word. Pressing it again will extend it to the beginning of the following word.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Shift +Right Arrow</td>
<td>Extend text selection to the end of current word. Pressing it again will extend it to the end of the following word.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + A</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the beginning of the line or paragraph.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + E</td>
<td>Move the cursor to the end of the line or paragraph.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + F</td>
<td>Move the cursor one character forward.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + B</td>
<td>Move the cursor one character backward.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + L</td>
<td>Center the cursor or selected text in the visible area.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + P</td>
<td>Move the cursor one line up.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + N</td>
<td>Move the cursor one line down.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + O</td>
<td>Insert a new line after the cursor.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Control + T</td>
<td>Swap the characters behind and in front of the cursor.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Left Curly Bracket</td>
<td>Align left.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Right Curly Bracket</td>
<td>Align right.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Vertical Bar</td>
<td>Align center.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + F</td>
<td>Go to search field.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + T</td>
<td>Show/hide the toolbar.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + C</td>
<td>Copy selected text to Clipboard including the formatting.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + V</td>
<td>Paste text from Clipboard including the formatting.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Option + Command + V</td>
<td>Paste text from Clipboard while matching the surrounding text’s formatting.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Option + Command + I</td>
<td>Show/hide the inspector window.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + P</td>
<td>Bring up a window to select document settings.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + S</td>
<td>Bring up the Save As prompt or duplicate the current document.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Minus</td>
<td>Decrease the size of a selected item</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Plus</td>
<td>Increase the size of a selected item.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Command + Equal</td>
<td>Increase the size of a selected item</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Shift + Command + Question Mark</td>
<td>Bring up the Help menu.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<p>{% include important.html content='Thanks for &#8217;Mahmoud Itani&#8217; from XDA <a href="https://www.xda-developers.com/keyboard-shortcuts-mac">OP Link</a>' %}</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

